hello look I'm the dead report my name
when translated into chinese sounds a
lot like pineapple how its college
college college to go back or not to go
back that is the questions welcome to be
gradual report where we eat gradually
report be perfectly honest i did not
fool around in cali no sir not even a
little bit well i did go to one party
but i didn't have very much fun
everybody at the party was like oh and
all the conversations were basically and
this one time I was so wasted that I
thought my hands work chickens man I
thought my hands were chickens really
how wasted were you you're very wasted
after hearing that story about seven or
eight times from four or five different
people I thought to myself although fun
to push down stairs drunk people are
fairly boring especially after they told
you the two stories that they know
already I was just grabbing these
butterflies man I was like those are
butterflies man my chicken hands were
after the butterflies man I know ya know
I I heard you the first time I get it
your hands were chickens butterfly
although I don't understand I understand
yeah hey what I ended up doing at the
only college party that I ever went to
was finding some dirty gardening gloves
and then walking around the party trying
to get people to shake my hand telling
them that the reason I was wearing
gloves is because there's an epidemic of
gangrene going around I was afraid that
I might get it and I found that the
social convention of shaking hands
continues even if you are wearing
gardening gloves and people are totally
weirded out that you're trying to not
get gangrene Oh play well with others
the rest of the time in college I spent
earning this little baby did you go to
there and get one of these did you I did
that's Latin honors that means you have
a really good GPA this one's
departmental honors that means you wrote
a departmental honors thesis and it was
really good and it was good and you got
out one of those that one is a
Collegiate honors that means you took a
lot of interdepartmental classes and was
a nerd that's a nerd one I have that one
nerd one I have a nerd one a Latin one
our mental one and that's my name right
there that's a my name that means I'm
smarter than you face back to school
coward final vomit hope there is a
middle of the road somewhere between
needless studying and senseless partying
hardy are their party yard re hiring
that's a word I just invented it and now
if I may glean some words from Confucius
and adapt them to my own philosophies he
who learns but does not think has no
direction and he who thinks but does not
learn is not traveling at all you're
probably gonna have to listen to that
part again cuz it was dense I love you
my little lemon drops straight us on
Monday when we continue our very
important work and you're kind of cute I
can't stand this any longer oh that's a
hot steamy cares